---
title: Tools & Services
author: MarlinSearch
authorURL: http://twitter.com/marlinsearch
---

I plan on getting a first useable alpha release in 1 month.  I will be working utmost 2 hours every night on Marlin.   These are some things I plan on sticking with..

* Comment code as appropriate 
* Test often and have testcases that run on every commit
* Use valgrind often !!!
* Write excellent documentation


Here is a list of resources that I am planning to use for MarlinSearch.

## The Website
When I started, I knew 2 things.  I need proper documentation on how to use Marlin and document the REST api.  I also wanted to keep a dev blog of how things are proceeding.  Even though I have built some SPAs many years ago, I did not want to waste my time.  I looked at various alternatives like Ghost, Wordpress.  Spent a lot of time looking at various static site generators.  Docusaurus perfectly fit my needs.  I hate the default theme and the lack of customizability.  Docusaurus 2 is supposed to be fixing this.  So sticking with this for now.

## Git hosting
I evaluated Bitbucket and Github.  A Github project gets the word out faster and is more easy for others to submit pull requests as everybody seems to have a Github account these days :)

## CICD
This is something which I liked about bitbucket.  Bitbucket pipelines are pretty cool and easy to get things running.  I wish github had something natively.  Anyway glad to have multiple vendor options who give free builds for open source projects.  I mainly evaluated TravisCI and CircleCI.  TravisCI did not allow custom docker images and nor did they have support for a newer Ubuntu image.  I ended up with CircleCI, which is pretty good.  They integrate will with github.  Update the commit history with build failures and even give me a badge to display :)

## Code Coverage
The only code coverage tool I have heard about till date is Coveralls.  Glad I found out about codecov.  Th latter is a way better product with some amazing examples, which let me quickly integrate Marlin with proper code coverage.  

How Github > Circle CI > Codecov all work together is interesting and very useful.  Hopefully avoids major mistakes during my late night coding sessions.

